# Persona Startup Program terms and conditions

These terms and conditions outline restrictions and eligibility criteria for the Persona Startup Program (“**Startup Program**”) offered by Persona Identities, Inc. (“**Persona**”) for businesses interested in participating in the Startup Program (“**Member**” or “**Customer**”). The Startup Program includes limited access to the Persona platform and features (“**Persona Service**”) for verification of the personal identity of  Member’s customers (“**End Users**”).

### General Governing Terms

The Startup Program, including all products, services, and programs listed below, is governed by these Startup Program terms and the Platform Terms of Service found at [https://withpersona.com/legal/terms-of-use](./terms-of-use.md). The Startup Program qualifies as a “Free Access Subscription” as outlined in the Platform Terms of Service.

**Limitations**. The Startup Program offers one-year of access for small businesses (the “**Term**”).

**Eligibility Conditions.** Applications for the Startup Program are reviewed on a rolling basis and program Members are audited on a recurring basis for continued eligibility. Applications may only be submitted from the Persona Dashboard after creating an Account. Persona may terminate Member’s of the Persona Startup Program at any time, in Persona’s sole discretion, without liability. Upon conclusion of the program, the Term will not automatically renew and Members may choose to proceed with a different plan by selecting their appropriate choice in the Persona Dashboard. Extensions of the Startup Program for a second year are granted on a case-by-case basis for extenuating circumstances, at Persona’s sole discretion. Members operating in the healthcare (subject to HIPPA), adult entertainment, cannabis, alcohol industries or intend to use the Persona Service for End Users who are under 18 years of age are strictly prohibited from participation in the Startup Program.

**Products and Services**. The Startup Program offers limited access to select Persona Services. These services are limited to the Government ID Verification and Selfie Verification. The additional services of Watchlist Report and Politically Exposed Person Report may be granted on a case-by-case basis. Access does not include API-based integration with these services any import of or manual upload of government-issued identification cards, selfies, or portraits of individuals is strictly prohibited. 500 free services are permitted per month with any additional volume priced at up to $1.50 per service run. Any overage volume will be billed monthly to the payment method on file.

**Programming and Support**. The Startup Program provides additional support through content, office hours, events, digital communications, cohort-based activities, and community engagements. However, configuration and product support are not guaranteed under the Startup Program. Members are expected to utilize self-serve resources available in the Help Center, Developer Documentation, and Academy to address support needs. Participation in programming is at the Member’s discretion, and any advice or content provided does not constitute a recommendation. Members are responsible for their own solutions, instances, and compliance with regulatory requirements. Persona does not provide custom certifications or responses to questionnaires or responding to or agreeing to  RFIs, RFPs, DPAs, HIPAA compliance, or other Member-specific certifications. Members acknowledge that use of the Persona Service is permitted without these, even if required by the Member.

### Use Restrictions

**No Resale**. Member acknowledges and agrees that Persona’s products and services are intended for direct use by the Member solely for the purpose of verifying the identity of its own End Users and shall not be resold, embedded, bundled, or otherwise incorporated into any of Member’s own products or services that are offered to Member’s customers. Member is prohibited from offering Persona’s products and services as part of a broader service or product offering, including but not limited to any integration, bundling, or packaging of Persona’s products or services into Member’s own identity verification or authentication solutions. Any attempt by Member to resell or redistribute Persona’s products or services without prior written consent from Persona will be considered a material breach of this agreement, and Persona reserves the right to immediately terminate the Member’s access to Persona’s services without notice or penalty. For customers interested in participating in Persona’s Partner program including our reseller program, please contact [Persona Partnerships](../solutions/persona-marketplace.md#contact-form).

**Tokenization Acknowledgement.** Member may not take the results of a verification to create a token or identifier that is then re-used or shared for the purposes of re-verifying the individual.

### Additional Terms for Regulated Data

The following obligations apply if applicable regulated data is shared under the Agreement.

**FCRA Notice and Obligation**. The data and information provided by Persona does not constitute a “consumer report” as such term is defined under the Fair Credit Reporting Act (as amended) (“FCRA”), and Member represents and warrants that it shall not use the Persona Services or any of the information provided by Persona in whole or in part as a factor in determining eligibility for credit, insurance, employment or another eligibility purpose that would qualify it as a consumer report under the FCRA.

**Biometric Consent Terms and Obligation.** Member agrees that it shall ensure every individual using Government ID or Selfie verifications consents, prior to providing an image of their identification document, to the processing and storing of their biometric information by Persona, and such consent is consistent with and as required by applicable privacy laws including but not limited to the applicable state or country's biometrics information privacy laws and regulations (e.g., the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act). Member further agrees that if it fails to do so it will fully defend, hold harmless and indemnify Persona its officers and directors against any claims or suits by a third party that results from Member’s failure to obtain such a required consent.

**Member Regulatory Obligations**. Member represents and warrants that it and its Affiliates are legally organized under and is, and will be, in compliance with all state and local laws and regulations applicable to its business, including, but not limited to any applicable regulations related to age-restricted good and services, minors, consumer-financial protections, or management of personally identifiable consumer information. Member additionally represents and warrants that (a) Member’s products and services are in compliance with all applicable state and local laws and regulations and (b) Member holds and maintains all required licenses and permits necessary to operate its business and provide said products and services. As between Persona and Member, Member shall be responsible for compliance with any state or local laws applicable to the Member’s industry with respect to Member’s business and Member’s use of the Persona Service.
